Add `Link an issue` shortcut to keyboard-shortcuts.md (#15410)
github/docs: content/get-started/using-github/keyboard-shortcuts.md

|<kbd>M</kbd> | Set a milestone. For more information, see "[Associating milestones with issues and pull requests](/articles/associating-milestones-with-issues-and-pull-requests/)."
|<kbd>L</kbd> | Apply a label. For more information, see "[Applying labels to issues and pull requests](/articles/applying-labels-to-issues-and-pull-requests/)."
|<kbd>A</kbd> | Set an assignee. For more information, see "[Assigning issues and pull requests to other {% data variables.product.company_short %} users](/articles/assigning-issues-and-pull-requests-to-other-github-users/)."

> |<kbd>X</kbd> | Link an issue from this repository, see "[Linking a pull request to an issue](/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue/)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<kbd>X</kbd> | Link an issue or pull request from the same repository. For more information, see "[Linking a pull request to an issue](/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue/)."
```

Just a small change to include pull requests too since pressing `X` on an issue will let you link a PR ⚡
